[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Krillin and Bulma stood shocked
as Vegeta settled the score
with Zarbon,
I was just...
fo-following orders...
I... beg you... mercy...
After all the years
of being spat on and taunted
by you, I'm expected
to show you mercy?
Together... we could
prevail over Frieza...
♪ Opening Song
If defeating Frieza were just
a matter of teaming up,
it'd be too easy.
Bet on it...
Well... There's no telling
how you managed to do it,
but I'd say someone upped
the scales on his powers
since last we met...
Be that as it may, you're
still no match for me.
Now, that Dragon Ball...
Are you going to
hand it over quietly
without making a scene?
Or are you going
to play the hero?
Yeah... I'm guessing
it's pretty stupid
to try and strike a bargain
with a guy like you...
but if I hand this over
do I have your word
that you'll leave us alone?
You want to strike a
bargain with me...?
How civilized... Well,
I suppose as long as
I get what I'm after, there's no
sense in wasting any more time.
You... You really mean it?
Don't press your luck...
Quickly... Put the Dragon Ball
in my hands before I
have a change of heart.
No... Krillin...
Today's your lucky day, runt.
Having all seven of these
puts me in a very
forgiving mood indeed...
But I guess the knowledge that
I'm about to rule the universe
in Frieza's place would
have that effect.
That, and of course,
immortality.
[laughing]
Not to rub salt on your wounds
or anything... But you, uh...
...well, you kind of blew it,
huh...? You'd think you'd be
a little more reluctant
to hand something over
you'd gone to so much
trouble to get.
Exactly what choice did I have
but to hand it over to him...?
He would have killed us both
if I'd tried to resist...
You know he would've.
Still... Trust me... It's not
so bad... We've still got
an ace in the hole. Don't
forget about the Dragon Ball
Gohan's looking for...
Vegeta had it first
but he must've tucked it
away somewhere to keep
Frieza and his goons
from finding it...
If we get that one...
we're still in the clear.
Oh...yeah...Yeah! You're
right...! Gohan will have
totally found it by now...! He's
got the radar...! It's funny,
I hadn't even thought of
that...! Ha! The kid's probably
headed back here with
the goods as we speak!
Probably, yeah...
But... Let's just hope
they don't cross paths.
[shock]
Whoa! Something's headed
straight for me!
And... It's... powerful...!
[shock] No!
I'm sensing another power level
somewhere close by.
[thinking] I have to
conceal my energy...
Hmm. It just disappeared...
How the...?
Is my mind playing tricks on me?
Come on. Just ignore
it and go away.
[Vegeta] Wherever you're hiding,
come out now...! It's no use
trying to pull one over on me.
Step out from whatever rock
you're cowering behind
or I'll reduce this
whole area to rubble!
Would he really do that?!
What's wrong...? Scared, huh?
I dunno. I think I might
have to go out and face him.
Still, I know what
Krillin would say...
Gohan...
You've got to play it safe...
Vegeta could
crush you like a bug.
What if it's the only
way I can keep Vegeta
from getting his hands
on another Dragon Ball?
[Vegeta] So you
still believe you can
hide from me, is that it...?
Well, we'll just see then.
[electric sounds]
[gasp]
This is it...! Your last chance!
[laughing] And then I fire!
AHHHH--
Wait!!!
Please, just don't
let him find this.
There. Happy now?
[laughing]
Well, it's Kakarot's
brat... (heh)...
Can't say I expected that...
Quite the surprise.
I suppose you tagged along with
the other Earthlings, eh...?
I already had the pleasure
of bumping into them...
Oh no!
How'd you get your hands...
on that?
[heh] Oh, this? Just a token
of friendship...
They were so happy to see me,
they gave it to me as a gift.
You monster...! You... You
killed my friends... didn't you?
No. But I'm more than happy
to go back and do so
if that's what you like...
As a matter of fact...
Out of sheer joy
at being the proud new owner
of all seven Dragon Balls...
I let them live...
So... you've finally
got what you came for.
[flying sounds]
[shock]
So...What's that contraption
you've got in your hand there?
Ah, it's...Nothing...!
It's a clock!
Just a clock? You mean
to tell me a civilization
capable of interstellar
flight can't keep time
on something smaller than that?
Well maybe we like it that way!
Of course... Speaking
of interstellar flight,
is Kakarot here?
No he's not...! We came
without him. We didn't know
there'd be bad guys
like you on this planet.
[chuckling]
[Vegeta] So I'm a "bad guy,"
huh?
[laughing]
All the same...
It's a pity he's not here.
We three... We're special...
The last of our kind,
in fact... Aren't we...?
Pay attention... I want you to
relay a message to him for me.
HAA!!
[shrieking]
Listening now... Yes? Very
good...Tell him I'll be paying
Earth another visit soon...
But that this time,
there won't be a happy ending.
Now then... I think you're
overdue for a naptime...
You seem a bit grouchy.
Run along back home now,
why don't you.
[laughing]
Well...That wasn't fun...
...Still... The Dragon Ball
is safe and sound.
[yelling]
[crash]
[laughing]
All right... Ka... Me...
Ha... Me Ha!!!
[electric sounds]
[explosions]
[groaning]
[thud]
[struggling]
Yeah. I think that definitely
calls for a senzu bean...
[chewing]
[victorious tune]
Okay...That time was a little
too close for comfort.
I've got to be more careful...
Don't want all that
intense training to
go to waste now, right?
Just two more days until
I get there... Well...
That's two more days I can train
like there's no tomorrow...
C'mon... Where is he?
[gasping] Is Gohan coming...?
I just finished packing all of
the gear back into capsules...
How much longer you
think he's gonna be?
There's no sign of him
yet... Oh man... I hope he
didn't run into Vegeta...
That would be really bad.
That bastard knows where we are
now...! We've got to relocate,
and fast...! What could
be taking Gohan so long
to get back...?
Come on... Hurry!
[flying sounds]
Krillin!
He's here!
[Gohan] Look guys, I did it!
I found it!
--[Krillin] Yes...! Are we
ever glad to see you!
--[Bulma] Woo-hoo...!
Way to go, kiddo!
[laughing]
Right. Now... There's
really no time to explain,
but if the three of us
don't get outta here,
we're gonna be in for
some serious trouble.
Yeah, I know already.
I got stopped
by Vegeta on the way back.
[dumbfounded]
But... Good news is, I managed
to keep it hidden from him,
so he never even
suspected I had it.
I think that might make you
the luckiest person alive...
[Bulma growling] Yeah... yeah...
that's great...
we can talk when
we're outta here...
[both] Right.
[laughing] Here we go again...
Only this time around,
I've come to finish the job...
I love it when a plan
comes full circle.
[splash]
[underwater sounds]
[thinking] All seven are about
to be mine...
Eat your heart out, Frieza!
My rule over the universe
is just one simple
little wish away!
Okay, that's odd.
It had to have sunk
to the bottom
somewhere around here...
It's vanished!
But that's impossible!
The kid!
There's no way he
just happened to be
exactly halfway between here
and the cave where his friends
were hiding when I ran across
him! That wretched little brat!
But how the hell
did he even manage
to find it in the first place?
Nothing...! It's a clock!
That was no clock!
That was a damned radar!
Damn it...!
[giant splash]
Filthy double-crossers...!
You'll rue the day...!
You hear me?!!
[thundering waves]
You're finished!
[crash]
You will pay!
[giant splash]
Come out and face me...!
Accept your fate like a warrior!
[explosion]
They saw this coming...
Where've they gone...? They
couldn't have gotten very far...
Ugh, but the little vermin
can push their power levels
down to zero, can't they?
I don't stand a chance
of finding them like this,
the miserable little cheats...
Can't believe I fell for it...
Duped by a trio of weaklings!
[growling] But... If they intend
to make their own wish,
they'll have to seek me out
at some point...
Because save the one
they have, I hold the cards!
And I can wait...
It's pretty well hidden,
so I think this outta work.
You are completely
out of your mind
if you think I'm gonna play
house in a dump like this!
Come on, Bulma.
Beggars can't be chosers, right?
Try to be reasonable.
We're laying low here,
not giving tours.
Dad will be here soon; you can
tough it out until then...
It'll be fun!
Oh yeah, sure... it'll be
a barrel of monkeys... !
A lady like me sharing a space
narrower than a circuit board
with a couple of roughnecks...
Oh, and a non-existent bathroom!
[groaning]
That's just it. You'll have
the place to yourself...
See, uh, my plan is to
take Gohan with me back
to the where the
Grand Elder lives.
It's actually gonna take us
a while to get there...
Huh? Why do I have to go?
Ugh. This was your plan...?
To ditch me...?
So now I've got to stay
in this hole by myself?
Trust me on this one...
I know what I'm doing...
Sure, it'll suck for you to
have to stay here alone, but...
once I've taken Gohan
to the Grand Elder...
he just might be able
to take on Vegeta.
[laughing]
Zarbon is certainly
taking his time.
He's failed me... And I do
hate those who fail me...
At this point, I can only
assume that he has either
fled or else been dealt with...
Such a mess...
Had I expected this,
I would have called for the
Ginyu Force much sooner.
[Vegeta thinking] So what now...? If
the earthlings really do
have some kind of a radar
that can locate Dragon Balls,
I don't dare leave this spot.
Slippery little runts will be
hunting for the six I've got...
Nothing left for me to do,
but sit here and wait for them
to make the next move.
Whatever it may be.
[flying sounds]
[explosion]
Well, at least I'm not the
only one who's stuck...
It appears Frieza's not
too happy that I blasted
the engine of his
precious spaceship.
Vegeta, you meddling insect!
[charging sounds]
[explosion]
[nervous]
Great! That's just the thing
I need right now: an earthquake.
[glass rolling]
[whining]
I have officially had just
about all I can stand
of this stupid planet...
[glass rolling]
[explosion]
[shriek]
[flying sounds]
[explosion]
[thinking] If Frieza did call in
reinforcements to bring
a new batch of scouters,
at most it'll take them
a few days to arrive. I've got
to settle this before then.
However mighty he is, putting
my boot to his neck will only be
a matter of strategy once I've
been granted eternal life...
I just have to strike before
Frieza has a chance to see me coming.
At this speed it's gonna
take us almost twice as long
to get there as
I thought it would...
But if we try to boost our
power levels up any more--
Vegeta will sense it and
be able to get the drop on us...
I don't know how it's possible,
but he's gotten even stronger
since the last time we saw
him... As it stands right now,
not even both of us together
could take him down.
Uh... Well, yeah... But that's
been the case since he first
came to Earth... are you
sure the Grand Elder's
going to be able to
even the odds...?
I just don't think I'm
all that strong...
Look at how much more
powerful he made me
-and I'm not even a Saiyan!
We get him to bring out
your hidden power and we're
talking about a serious chance
to give Vegeta a run for his
money... Worth a shot, right?
[flying sounds]
[heavy breathing]
Aaauuuugggghhhh! Kaio-ken!!!
[charging sounds]
[grunting]
HA!
[mystical sounds]
Okay...
Ka... me... ha... me... ha!!!
[thunderous sound]
[fearful gasp]
[explosion]
Oh wow... I'm alive...
I guess that's a good sign
that all this work is actually
starting to pay off.
[Soldier] Lord Frieza, I have
news...! We've just received
a transmission from the Ginyu
Force... They're currently in
the vicinity of sector
9035-YX and should be arriving
on planet Namek shortly.
[Frieza] Excellent... Finally
someone who'll give me results,
though seeing as how I'm
still intact, Vegeta's gambit
must have reached a stalemate...
Ah. How infuriating it must be
for our treacherous friend...
to come this close to his goal
only to falter.
Oh, he may run... Indeed. But
once the Ginyu Force brings
their cutting-edge scouters...
try though he might...
scrape though he might...
Vegeta won't be able to hide.
[Narrator] Just who or what is
this so-called Ginyu Force,
now making its
way to Planet Namek?
And will their
arrival really mean
certain victory for Frieza,
as the tyrant believes?
[Narrator] This rowdy band
of mercenaries make their
dramatic entrance...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
Whoa. This training
regimen's gotten me
so bulked up it's crazy.
Just hold on a
little longer guys.
I'll be there
before you know it.
[Gohan] Yeah, but... Someone or
something with a really high
power level is on the
way too, Dad. And I think
they'll get here first!
[Vegeta] Freiza,
you snake! You wouldn't!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Gohan] I've got a
bad feeling about this...